# JunctionXBudapest
  This repo is the challenge and shows our solution to the challenge in JunctionXBudapest 2021. We are solving a vodafone challenge. This is the first MVP of out android application.

  We implemented new version of Vodafone App that is really enjoyable to use. You ask why? New features are unique, with no analogs in Hungary. It is gonna capture audience with flexibility of data manipulation, lovely mini game, focus on the user's comfort and benefits.

## Description
  Why should you use Vodafone App? Because there are new and exquisite features! With this update, clients can get “Bonuses”. They can convert their current resources (mobile data, SMS, calls and bonuses) to anything necessary. Moreover, it is possible to transfer up to 500 MB per day to any other Vodafone user (but not applicable for infinite data packages). If a subscriber has any questions or complaints, he or she doesn’t need to stand in the long queue in the centers or wait until the call-operator answers anymore, because now Complaint Form is available. He or she can choose the Subject of complaint and describe it. Friend Referral is the next update, by inviting a friend to be a Vodafone client, both can earn free Bonuses. With the special form first can generate and send an invitation and second buy a number and then enter the referral code which results an addition of Bonuses for all. Other fascinating thing is VodaPet. Mini Game, where one needs to feed, clean and hug online pet and get Bonuses everyday if it is happy. By taking care its mood can increase (minimum 0%, maximum 100%). Depending on the percentage user can get bonuses: 50-100% means addition, while for 0-49% there is no plus. VodaPet’s scale of mood will drop everyday that is why there will be high engagement of current customers.
All these modifications were made with one aim – to solve current problems. To make user log in more we introduced Data Transfer, VodaPet and Data Conversion. To engage non-Vodafone users and encourage them to switch to this company Friend Referral is made. Also, to minimize a traffic in the customer and call centers Complaint Form option was made. The collaborative interface design tool called "Figma" was applied to create a clickable prototype of the future program.
We realize that new features can be not clear for customers in the beginning, so we developed Introduction Screen where we listed all of them with short description. This need was fulfilled using the Flutter, an open-source UI software development kit, in the Dart programming language.
